# ColorEffect
A imaging processing program in C using a custom library created by Kathryn Lenth described in bitmap.webarchive

I chose this assignment because I thought that this was an excellent assignment and was one of the first projects that I coded in C. I found it to be difficult but also incredibly rewarding, and I thought that I showed great persistence when working on this program. Although C is not an object oriented language, this project demanded some object oriented problem solving approaches by means of using structs to represent our objects. I remember the blow up function being the most difficult to write, and althought the code is not extremely extensive, I do think that the logic demonstrated in the call to get_pixel makes this worth of representing critical thinking learning objectives. 

This assignment is when I realized am a proficent good programmer and that I can write good code to solve difficult problems. This is also one of the first projects that made it really clear to me how important it is to seek help from my professor when I was not understanding things, and after this assignment I started spending as much time as I could in my professor's office hours and working with our TA, even when I didn't have a question at all. It became clear to me, I suppose, that I didn't have to do everything on my own, and asking for help was often more rewarding than just getting the right answer more easily, but that it actually solidified hard concepts in code and in my mind. I was one of the first in the class to my knowledge to finish this assignment and that felt good. Before then, I really wasn't sure if I was cut out to be a programmer, but the thrill of working through our nested for-loops and coding in a new language with a new library I had to link to (which was also new to me at the time) made it clear to me that not only is programming something that I want to do, but also something that I can do well.
